[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[whale calls]
[beeping]
[light music playing]
Hello, Mr. Woo.
[chuckles]
Oh, hello.
What brings you here
this early in the morning?
It's because I heard
there's a lawyer here.
Sorry?
[woman] This is my father.
[chuckles]
And, well, I was, uh, telling him
one of the tenants is a lawyer,
and he wanted to meet her.
Oh.
-Oh, yes, hello.
-Hello.
Yes, my daughter is an attorney, but…
But what did you want from her?
Miss, you're the attorney?
I am. I'm Attorney Woo Young-woo
of Hanbada Law Firm.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Oh, how clever you are.
[chuckles]
It's nice to meet you.
I heard you're a genius and graduated
summa cum laude from SNU.
Is there really a law that says
people who didn't visit
a cultural heritage
must still pay admission?
Hmm, sorry?
Uh, uh, let's have a seat
and discuss this.
Oh, well, you see…
[chuckles]
Recently,
uh, my father moved.
[chuckles]
And, so, I went to visit him,
so I could see his new house.
We were driving on the road
toward Hanbaek Mountain,
uh, when this man came out of nowhere
and blocked our car.
He said Hwangjisa Temple
is a famous heritage site
and that we should pay
the cultural heritage admission fee.
Cultural heritage admission fee?
Yeah. So, we said,
"We're on our way to Hanbaek Mountain,
not Hwangjisa.
Why would we pay admission fees
when we're not even
going to see Hwangjisa?"
Oh.
Then this man went on to say
it's perfectly legal for him
to collect admission fees.
Is that true?
Well, the action of collecting admission
fees from visitors itself is legal.
[Young-woo] "Article 49 of the
Cultural Heritage Protection Act."
"An owner of any State-designated
cultural heritage
who discloses it to the public
may collect admission fees from visitors."
We still need to pay that fee
even though we didn't go see it?
Just because we drove past it?
Hmm…
Well, the fact that you were near it
is debatable.
[sighs]
If I go to trial with this,
will my money be returned?
How much did you say
the admission fee was?
Three thousand won per person.
Then the money you'll be receiving
out of the trial if you win
is also 3,000 won.
It will cost a lot more to file a lawsuit,
so going through with the trial
would be a loss.
That's what I said.
Dad, you heard her, didn't you?
The lawyer said it's a loss.
If I'm convinced of something,
I don't care if I pay 3,000
or 300 million won,
but this, I'm not convinced of.
They all brought up the law,
so I'll do the same too.
Regardless of how much
the lawsuit cost me, I want that 3,000
even if the only option is going to court.
Then I will have to look
into the specifics of the case.
Where did you say Hwangjisa is located?
Oh, it's on Hanbaek Mountain
in Jeju Island.
-What?
-It's on Jeju Island.
Jeju?
Due to the Supreme Court ruling,
Sampal, Chunsam, and Boksun
returned to Jeju's waters
after being trapped in an aquarium
and performing many dolphin shows?
And are now swimming with baby dolphins?
[confused chuckle]
Yeah.
[laughs]
Yes.
CASE 13
THE BLUE NIGHT OF JEJU I
DEPARTMENT OF INTERNAL MEDICINE
PHYSIOLOGICAL FUNCTION TESTS
[coughing, sniffles]
[somber music playing]
[woman] Mr. Jung Myeong-seok?
Uh, yeah.
You're here about
your test results, right?
Yeah.
The doctor will see you now.
Thanks.
[sighs]
[somber music continues playing]
[Su-yeon chuckles]
Ah, work-meeting today. I…
I'm sorry.
[knocking on door]
Uh, yes, come in.
[quirky music playing]
[door closes]
May I go on a business trip?
What's that?
Uh, where to?
Jeju Island.
I intend to go to Jeju Island
where bottlenose dolphins
live in the nearby ocean.
Specifically, where Daejeong-eup
and Seogwipo-si are often spotted,
so it's known to be
the main habitat for dolphins
as well as the place
to raise their young--
Stop. Please stop.
The case? What's the case?
Ah.
It's for a claim for a return
of undue profits.
The claim is for returning the 3,000 won
that Hwangjisa, a temple on Jeju Island,
collected as a cultural heritage
admission fee.
Three thousand?
That's like the belly button
being bigger than the belly.
[dolphin singing]
[giggles]
[Young-woo sighs happily]
Are you okay?
Uh, how did you get this case?
How did I get it?
Who, uh, hired you?
Oh.
Mr. Kim Yeong-bok,
he's the father of the landlady
of the building
that my father and I live in.
He made it quite clear to me
that he isn't concerned
about the cost of the lawsuit.
Oh, yeah?
Then, um…
Why don't we all go to Jeju?
Uh, Attorney Jung,
are you going to go with me?
Uh, why don't we all go?
I think it's fate that we all happen
to be here when this came out.
-Huh?
-Really?
Sound all right?
We can adjust our schedule with some
to make a few days clear, right?
It's not like you guys
are busier than I am.
[sighs]
True, although…
Ah, Jun-ho.
You should come with us too.
I'll talk to the litigation team leader
and arrange it.
Uh, um, well…
Yes, all right.
Well, then, Attorney Woo,
I want you to go ahead
and officially accept the case.
Share the schedule for Jeju Island
when it's all ready.
Yes, all right.
[door closes]
What? Oh, the meeting.
All of the boat tours that chase dolphins
around so they can watch them
are responsible for the reduction
of the dolphin population.
Because their fins can get hurt
and the birth rate goes down
due to the stress.
So, these businesses
are abusing endangered animals.
All under the clever guise of tourism.
Attorney Woo.
I'm still pretty upset with you.
Huh?
Oh.
You mean, 'cause…
I told you earlier we're not dating yet?
Yes.
Oh.
That being said,
when we get to Jeju Island,
let's not just see
Sampal, Chunsam, and Boksun.
Let's go see Seung-hui
and Jeong-nam as well.
Seung-hui and Jeong-nam?
Yeah. It's my older sister
and her husband.
They live on Jeju Island.
Then we'll proceed with it as you said.
Mm, great.
Oh, yeah.
About the Hwangjisa case.
Yes?
Do you have to go
all the way to Jeju Island as well?
The claim for that case is only 3,000 won.
Ah.
[chuckles]
The claim amount is small,
but we're getting a proper commission.
But to go back and forth to Jeju Island
just for this case is a bit inconvenient.
Should I give this one to Attorney Jang?
He has a few Jeju Island cases
so he can take this on while he's at it.
I can go. It's fine.
Are you sure?
The Hwangjisa case
has a small claim amount,
but you never know, right?
Sometimes small cases become big ones
and can even turn into new ones.
Since I'm taking a lot of rookies with me,
I'll make sure we do our best.
You have nothing to worry about.
[Seon-young chuckles]
Attorney Jung,
there's something that feels…
different about you.
Why is that?
You flatter me.
[laughs]
Mm.
Have a good trip to Jeju Island, then.
Enjoy the food there too.
Okay. I will.
So, uh, you said you guys
aren't dating yet,
and he got upset with you?
[Young-woo] Yeah.
[Geu-ra-mi] Then tell him
you're dating now. Problem solved.
Hmm…
What? You don't wanna date?
It's not that. I mean…
-What is dating supposed to be?
-Huh?
We eat together every day,
and we walk each other home
unless one of us is working overtime.
And we go out on days we don't work.
[squeals]
Well, sounds like you're enjoying it.
If we're officially dating,
do any of those things actually change?
And now, Jun-ho wants me to meet
his sister and brother-in-law.
-What I'm saying is--
-Hold up.
You're meeting his sister
and brother-in-law?
Mm-hmm.
When I go on my business trip
to Jeju Island.
-Jun-ho's sister and brother-in-law live--
-Hold up.
Jeju Island? You're going there?
-Mm-hmm.
-With who?
Jun-ho, and Attorney Jung.
Attorney Kwon, Su-yeon.
Kwon Min-woo?
-The hot guy?
-Huh?
[scoffs]
I see Su-yeon is going also.
God, wait a minute.
How should I explain all this to you?
Where should I start?
What do you mean where should you start?
She just said that
she's going to meet his family
while on a business trip in Jeju Island.
I think she's doing fine on her own.
Ah, yes, good point.
You do know it's not casual, right?
"Not casual"?
Okay. You're not just meeting
with his sister and his brother-in-law.
There's a lot you should be aware of
when meeting with future in-laws,
all right?
What should I be, um, aware of?
First off, you should say things
they would want to hear.
When you enter their house,
"Oh, wow, your home is so pretty."
When they serve you food,
"Oh, wow, it's freaking good.
Your culinary skills are a real killer."
And when they bring over fruit,
"Oh, I can handle it.
I'm so good at peeling the fruit."
Like that.
[Hairy clicks tongue]
Oh, come on, that sounds like something
you hear in an old soap opera.
Yeah, it's because I heard this stuff
in old soap operas.
[grunts]
Whatever you say, uh,
depends on the situation.
Ah, yeah! You especially need to eat
what they make you. Really enjoy it.
You can't ask them for gimbap, okay?
And no whale stuff either.
"Don't ask for gimbap
and no whale stuff either."
Uh-huh. And you, most importantly,
must be bright.
Just smile, okay? Keep smiling.
Smile. Smile.
"Smile. Smile."
Yeah, try it again.
Smile. Smile.
Close, yeah.
So cute.
Hairy Boss!
Why don't we ever go
on a business trip there?
Oh, why would we?
We should go to Jeju for work.
Sure, for work.
Hey, what about the customers
who visit while we're gone?
What? What the crap are you saying?
She's the only customer
that we ever get. Huh?
Our only patron is going to Jeju
and you're just going to stay here?
We got to go with her, all right?
-Uh-uh.
-Yes.
-Why, though?
-No.
-Yeah!
-I said no!
-Yeah, to Jeju on business!
I know. Jedol.
Ah, that was an easy question.
The number "one" is right there
on its dorsal fin.
It was a practice question.
Chunsam?
-Nope. Wrong.
-[groans]
Give me a hint.
Hmm…
It's the first dolphin in the world
among the ones that have been released
back into the sea after being in aquariums
that been confirmed
to have successfully bred out in the wild.
Ah, I know that you've told me this,
uh, what's it called?
It has a very unique scar
below its dorsal fin.
Uh, Sam… Sam…
[Min-woo] What are you guys up to?
[Jun-ho] Oh, hey.
Jun-ho's identifying dolphins
by the shape of their dorsal fins.
We'll be seeing the Indo-Pacific
bottlenose dolphins at Jeju Island.
We should know how to tell them apart.
Attorney Kwon,
would you like to participate?
-Uh, no.
-What about you, Su-yeon?
No, thanks.
[suspenseful music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[Attorney Jung chuckles]
Hey, you're already here.
Attorney Jung, you look so cool.
[Jun-ho chuckles]
Oh, you think so?
You think I'm cool?
Hey!
♪ Woo to the Young to the woo! ♪
♪ Dong to the Geu to the Ra-mi ♪
[Atty. Jung] Mr. Woo? Oh, no, you're not.
Wow! Hello, it's been a minute.
We're going, too, on a business trip.
Hairy's Pub business trip.
This is Mr. Hairy Boss.
Hello. My name is Kim Min-sik
of Hairy's Pub,
and I'll be your caterer
for the Jeju trip.
Nice to meet you.
Min-sik, it sure has been a while.
It has.
Uh, so these two are coming with us
on a business trip?
Uh…
Well, yeah.
Ah, it's no big deal.
Ms. Dong Geu-ran,
you're coming with us for some fun too.
Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
-Oh. Oh. Oh.
-Jeju! Jeju! Jeju!
-[laughing]
-[Geu-ra-mi] Jeju.
-Jeju.
-[Hairy] Okay. Enough.
-Jeju. Jeju.
-Stop. Stop it. Come on.
Let's go.
[Geu-ra-mi] That's a cute hat.
[vocalizing]
♪ Let's get away ♪
♪ Together ♪
♪ Let's leave everything behind ♪
♪ Under the stars ♪
♪ Of the blue night of Jeju ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ From now on ♪
♪ I don't want ♪
[Geu-ra-mi] ♪ To be tied up anymore ♪
♪ Under the stars of the blue night… ♪
Are you moving?
It's a business trip.
Why did you bring a big suitcase?
Get out of my way or give me a hand.
[Min-woo] I got it.
What?
[Min-woo grunts]
Aren't you gonna sit?
Uh, I am.
I'm busy enough as it is.
Why are we going on this trip anyway?
It's more of a vacation
than a business trip, don't you think?
Bringing Attorney Woo's friends along.
What are you complaining for?
If you're so busy,
why did you bother coming?
Why would I skip out on this?
The firm is paying for it.
♪ Rather than the brick walls
Of an apartment ♪
♪ I prefer a window
Where you can see the ocean ♪
♪ Let's tend to the kumquat
And tangerine orchid together ♪
Sir, could you please put
your tray back up?
Oh, sorry.
The airplane is one of
the safest transportation methods
invented by mankind.
Because the possibility
of an airplane-related death
is only one-sixty-fifth
as likely as a car accident.
The chances
of an airplane accident occurring
is one out of 120,000 flights,
and the chances of dying
from an airplane accident
is one out of 11 million people.
Still, though, put your seatbelt on.
Okay.
[airplane chimes]
[whooshing]
Ooh.
Are you okay?
Should I get your headphones?
Uh, yeah, no, yeah. Whoa.
What? Oh.
Oh, man. Aah! Planes are terrifying.
Huh? You just said
it's the safest way to travel, though.
Whoa.
[upbeat music playing]
[Young-woo] Whoa.
[gasping]
Whoa.
Oh, this is weird.
Airplanes are really, really weird.
Oh, my God.
[exclaiming]
GUREUM CAR RENTAL
Here's the car that we rented.
[car beeps]
That one's ours.
[Geu-ra-mi cheering]
[Geu-ra-mi] Yes!
Here, take my bag.
[Geu-ra-mi] All right, all right!
-I'm gonna ride with them.
-[Geu-ra-mi] Hairy's the best!
-What?
-Hairy's the freaking best!
We're all going for lunch
at Haengbok Noodles, aren't we?
[Jun-ho] Yeah.
First, we're going to stop by
Local Highway Number 3008 to Hwangjisa,
but then we'll move on from there to that
noodle place that you've recommended.
Then, well, that means
I can go in that car then, yeah? Huh?
All right? Bye.
[Atty. Jung] Mr. Hairy!
Clear the way. I'm coming with you guys.
-[Atty. Jung grunts]
-[Geu-ra-mi] Oh.
That was sweet! My turn.
I wish we could've gotten
a convertible van.
That's not possible.
Convertible vans don't exist.
Right.
[light music playing]
♪ Let's get away ♪
-♪ Together ♪
-♪ Let's leave everything behind ♪
-Behind!
-♪ Under the stars ♪
-Jeju!
-♪ Of the blue night ♪
-Blue night!
-♪ Of Jeju ♪
-♪ Rather than the brick walls ♪
-♪ Of an apartment ♪
-♪ I prefer a window ♪
-♪ Where you can see the ocean ♪
-[Geu-ra-mi] I prefer!
♪ Let's tend… ♪
-♪ Three omegi-tteok for 1,800 won ♪
-♪ Four hundred won ♪
♪ Three omegi-tteok for 1,800 won ♪
♪ Jungwon Roasted Chicken ♪
♪ Jungwon Roasted Chicken
There are three chicken legs ♪
♪ Eighteen thousand won ♪
HWANGJISA TICKET BOOTH
DO NOT ENTER
Welcome! I'm collecting
the cultural heritage admission fees
for Hwangjisa.
It's 3,000 each, so, one, two, uh,
that's 12,000 won.
We're not going to Hwangjisa.
Do we still have to pay?
Yes, to use this road,
I'm afraid you need to pay.
This is a lawful collection.
This is a lawful collection?
And that is based on what law?
The Cultural Heritage Protection Act.
Come on, you're holding up
the cars behind you.
Just hurry up and pay the fee.
"Article 49 of said Protection Act."
"An owner of any State-designated
cultural heritage
who discloses it to the public
may collect admission from visitors."
[Young-woo]
Is this what you're referring to?
According to the Cultural Heritage Act,
you can collect admission from visitors.
We said that we don't plan
to visit Hwangjisa,
but you're still going to collect
admission from us?
Are you kidding? How am I supposed to see
if you drive into there or not?
Or am I just supposed to trust
what you say? Come on.
You understand Hwangjisa is a huge temple
that has three smaller temples
that are all located within it.
It's that large, and that means
I can't just follow you guys
as you drive through the property.
Honestly, there's no way for me to know
if you'd visit any of the temples or not.
Then you probably should
put the ticket booth
in front of the temples of Hwangjisa, sir.
[annoyed laugh]
Jeez.
You know, we've been collecting
admission fees here for years.
The government is aware that Hwangjisa's
ticket booth is here and we have approval.
So, if that's a problem,
you better turn around and go back.
How can we turn the car around?
This road doesn't even allow U-turns.
Okay, just pay already.
-Wow.
-God, you're kidding me.
Hey, hold on. Stop.
What are you doing?
What are you… Are you filming?
Are… are you serious?
Roll it down.
How dare you? Open the window!
Okay. Huh.
Down. Down.
Hand over the camera. Let me see.
Let's see.
[Min-woo] Hey, what's your problem?
You said it's a tourist spot.
We're not even allowed to film here?
Well, let me see if it's the tourist spot
you filmed or me.
We said we didn't film you, so why--
[Jun-ho] Okay, okay, okay. Fine.
Since you're not letting us leave,
we'll pay.
What? How much was it?
[man] 12,000 won.
-[Jun-ho] Receipt, please.
-[man] Right.
[machine beeps]
-Your card.
-[machine whirs]
Yeah, thank you.
[sighs]
Welcome! I'm collecting the cultural
heritage admission fees for Hwangjisa.
It's 3,000 won per person.
-Huh?
-Oh, don't worry about it.
Here you go, I got this.
[Hairy sighs]
-Unbelievable.
-Okay.
Yes, great, thank you.
[Atty. Jung] This isn't very easy.
Unless someone makes an illegal U-turn,
there's no way to get through this gate
without even paying them.
[calm music playing]
ROAD TO HWANGJISA
Wow.
It's so pretty.
-It's beautiful.
-[Hairy laughs]
[Hairy] It's paradise.
[calm music continues playing]
[Geu-ra-mi]
Oh! Isn't that Haengun Noodles?
HAENGUN NOODLES
Uh, well, the place we're going to
is Haengbok Noodles.
It's further that way.
Oh. Haengbok… Haengbok, Haengun…
-God, confusing, huh?
-[Hairy laughs]
Haengbok Noodles must crush
the Haengun spot, though, right?
-Ah.
-Uh, well, I guess to me, it does.
You're right.
Though Haengun looks like
it has more customers.
I'm so hungry.
[Hairy] All right. Let's go.
Oh, no. They're closed.
HAENGBOK NOODLES
MEAT NOODLES
[Min-woo]
Looks like it's been closed for a while.
Maybe they went out of business?
CLOSED FOR THE TIME BEING
WE'RE SORRY
There was a place called Haengun Noodles
on the way here. Should we go there?
[sighs]
Haengbok makes the best noodles.
-They're really that amazing?
-Uh…
Well, there's an expression
in the Jeju Island dialect that goes,
"Bejigeunhada."
It means that the meat broth
is rich and greasy
while having a deep flavor.
Their soup is exactly like that.
The flavor's deep, and rich, and hearty,
but without the overpowering
smell of pork.
[sighs]
That soup is their specialty.
Hearing you rave about it all day
is really making me want to try the broth.
Ah! And the owner was generous
with the portions of meat.
[Atty. Jung] Lots and lots of chunks
of boiled pork in there with the noodles.
[Atty. Jung laughs]
Literally a bowl of half meat
and then half noodles.
They're closed.
Let's go back to Haengun Noodles,
if that's okay. I'm starving.
Oh, all right, then, we can go there.
[somber music playing]
Welcome! I'm collecting the cultural
heritage admission fees for Hwangjisa.
It's 3,000 each, so, one, two, uh,
that's 12,000 won.
[Jun-ho] We're not going to Hwangjisa.
Do we still have to pay?
[man] Yes, to use this road,
I'm afraid you need to pay.
This is a lawful collection.
[Young-woo] We said that we don't plan
to visit Hwangjisa,
but you're still going to collect
admission from us?
[man] You know, we've been collecting
admission fees here for years.
The government is aware that Hwangjisa's
ticket booth is here and we have approval.
[Jun-ho] How can we turn the car around?
This road doesn't even allow U-turns.
-[man] Okay, just pay already.
-[Jun-ho] Wow.
[man] God, you're kidding me.
What are you doing?
What are you… Are you filming?
Are… are you serious?
-[Min-woo] Hey, what's your problem?
-Hand over the camera. Let me see.
[Min-woo] You said it's a tourist spot.
We're not even allowed to film here?
[solemn music playing]
[clears throat]
This video was filmed when our legal team
attempted to pass
the Hwangjisa ticket booth.
It's almost identical to what our client,
Mr. Kim Yeong-bok had.
Though they were clear in pointing out
that they wouldn't be visiting Hwangjisa,
the collector demanded admission fees
in a threatening manner
with no convincing explanation.
The fee collector's manner
might have been a little overbearing,
however, Hwangjisa is lawfully acquiring
admission fees
based on Article 49
of the Cultural Heritage Protection Act.
According to Article 49
of the Cultural Heritage Protection Act,
the admission may be collected
from visitors.
[Young-woo]
The plaintiff is not a visitor.
He lives here. He had no intention
to visit any cultural heritage
that Hwangjisa owns.
The plaintiff was only traveling
through the area
using the local highway mentioned.
Your Honor, could you please look
at this map?
[attorney] Inside the red lines,
you will see the entirety
of Hwangjisa's precincts.
Much of Hanbaek Mountain National Park
that Local Highway Number 3008
passes through
is rightfully owned by Hwangjisa.
Is the defendant's counselor
admitting that Hwangjisa
has been acquiring this money
under the guise
of cultural heritage admission fees?
This local highway is a tourist road.
It was built so foreigners
who were visiting Korea
at the '88 Seoul Olympics
could conveniently tour the area
around Hwangjisa on Hanbaek Mountain,
Your Honor.
People travel on roads just to use them.
They don't look
into the original purpose of the road
that's been built
before using them, Your Honor.
The plaintiff was just driving following
the specific directions of his GPS.
He didn't choose that road
with the intention
of visiting the Hwangjisa area.
That's true, really?
[attorney] Your Honor, clearly,
the plaintiff was made aware
that by paying the admission fee,
he would be guaranteed access
to the cultural heritage site.
What are you talking about here?
[Yeong-bok] Didn't you just see
what the attorneys filmed?
He appeared out of nowhere
and blocked our route,
telling us we had to hand him 3,000 won.
So I just paid the fee
'cause I didn't want my trip
with my daughter to get ruined!
[Yeong-bok scoffs]
I understand the two positions
that were presented.
Well, the defendant applied for a witness,
so, we'll go ahead and carry on
and we'll set the next court date.
[bailiff] All rise.
[sighs]
Is, uh, every one of you here
originally from Seoul?
Uh, yes.
Oh, and have you all been to Hwangjisa?
Uh, no, we haven't had the chance.
Come. All of you should come today.
Today's the day that monks at Hwangjisa
all give prayer to Ksitigarbha.
Uh, today?
[wood clacking rhythmically]
[ritual chant]
[scoffs]
[mouthing]
What are you doing?
We are bowing 158 times
to offer our sincerity
with utmost conviction and devotion.
-Huh?
-158 bows?
-Oh.
-What is it? 158 of what?
Bowing. Bowing. Gosh.
[Atty. Jung grunts]
How many more?
155 more.
Still that many left?
[sighs]
154 now.
You have 155 more.
Because you started after Attorney Jung.
Hey, why are you keeping track of mine?
Keep on going.
[chanting continues]
You're not bowing?
I'm Catholic.
Oh.
What about you? Why aren't you doing it?
I'm a Catholic like you.
Oh, really?
What's your Christian name then?
Mine's Gabriel.
Mine is…
-Jennie.
-Je…
Saint Jennie?
The… From the Black Saint, or?
Go bow.
[sighs]
The sound of the wooden fish
keeps making me…
-What?
-…want to stretch my joints.
What are you talking about?
[grunting]
[chanting continues]
It's not the time. Hey. Hey, you…
[Hairy grunts]
-[groaning]
-Stop it. Hey. No, no, no.
[Hairy] Okay. Okay.
[monk laughing]
Ah, Highway Number 3008
has frequent car accidents.
Not just people, also wild animals
get hit and killed by cars.
Not to mention
the many trees around here
that have been cut down…
[laughs]
…in order to build the road.
The prayer to Ksitigarbha
you gave just now
is one to comfort all the souls
who left this world in that way.
And it's because of that, Bodhisattva
is the one who leads the dead to paradise.
Ah. That's so special.
And you had to go dance
during something so special.
Well, what else can I do when the sound
makes me want to go in pop and lock?
Oh, you…
[laughing]
Uh, sir. I hear there's a well-known
cultural heritage in Hwangjisa.
A well-known cultural heritage?
Are you referring
to the Guanyin Gwaebultaeng
which is known to be a treasure?
Guanyin? Gwaebultaeng? Tang tang?
Uh, the Gwaebultaeng is…
A Gwaebultaeng
is a large Buddhist painting
that is hung in the front garden
of a temple during a ceremony or ritual.
It's painting of Avalokitesvara
and is 10.8 meters in length
and 7.3 meters in width.
Created on the 14th year
of Jeongjo's reign in the Joseon dynasty--
Oh, 10.8.
-Is that long?
-Hmm…
To make it easier for you,
it's longer than the average length
of the common minke whale
and shorter compared to the length
of a Baird's beaked whale.
You're making it more complicated.
And why are you explaining it
when the Abbot is right there?
-[laughs]
-Ah.
I appreciate you explaining the matter
so that it could be easily understood.
Okay, everyone, shall we head over
to where the treasure is?
Huh? Oh, boy, really?
I'm really good at treasure hunting!
[growls]
[laughs]
Yes, I'll show you.
[soft music playing]
So, would you like to see
if you can find the treasure?
Uh, you said that it's a painting…
Oh, oh! Is it that one?
Well, that painting is definitely
much smaller than 10.8 meters.
It's only about the average length
of the Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphin.
[sighs]
Then where is it?
I don't think
there's a painting that size in here.
Yes, there is.
Right over there.
It's in this box?
[monk] This is called a Gwaebulgwe.
It's a box that stores a Gwaebultaeng.
The Gwaebultaeng of Guanyin
is inside this one.
Ah.
Uh, are we allowed to open it?
The Gwaebultaeng of Guanyin
got taken out annually.
Just once on Buddha's Birthday.
But for ten years now, we don't even
take it out for Buddha's Birthday anymore,
because we're worried
the Gwaebultaeng will be damaged.
It's Korea's treasure.
We must ensure its preservation.
Wait, then why did you say
you would show it to us?
Well, I didn't promise
that I'd show you the painting.
But I welcomed you to come
to where the treasure is.
[monk chuckles]
Seeing isn't everything. There's more.
Remember not to be blinded
by what's in front of you.
And keep in mind the essence
of what lies beyond.
[monk chuckles]
Is that locked?
[soft music playing]
When I cut this, does it feel pain?
Shh, quiet. They're working.
[light music playing]
Uh, you know what?
[sighs]
-Uh…
-Oh.
Why don't we just hang out, huh?
It seems ridiculous doing work, right,
on our first day in Jeju?
Olé!
I'm changing the menu.
There'll be only food
that goes well with alcohol.
Whoo-hoo!
Should I go get us some drinks?
Oh, yes, that would be great.
[Min-woo grunts]
Then I'll come with you.
Uh, why? I'll go alone.
The market's kind of far.
How are you gonna carry it all?
Uh, uh, I can handle it.
Putting it all in my head is better
than you coming along.
All right, use your head then.
What a sight that would be, right?
What's going on with you guys?
Did you fight or something?
-No.
Good. Well, then the two people
who didn't fight
can go to the market together.
[Atty. Jung] I said no working right now.
We're not having the meeting.
[Min-woo] Oh.
Do you want to check that out?
Those lights are cool.
It will probably be a while if we do.
They're all waiting for drinks,
aren't they?
What's the big deal
if they wait a little, right?
And speaking of drinks…
[fizzes]
[sighs]
That's one of the perks
of being the runner.
Hold this.
[fizzes]
Cheers.
[quirky music playing]
Such a jerk.
Hey, stand there. I'll take a picture.
No, thanks. I don't need a picture.
Yeah. Put that down. Come on.
This is so dumb.
Hang on.
[gasps]
[annoyed grunt]
You want it like that?
It's like you were attacked by seagulls.
Ugh! I don't wanna have my picture taken!
-[phone buzzing]
-Oh.
Just a minute.
Yeah, Dad?
[Min-woo] Oh, that…
I'm looking into it.
Uh, I'll take care of it
one way or another.
So don't worry about it
and just take care of yourself.
All right?
Okay.
Yes. Good night.
Bye.
[sighs]
What's going on?
Is something wrong back home?
You don't have to worry about
my family's pathetic story, Princess.
What do you mean, "Princess"?
Why would you call me that?
[sighs]
I heard about Judge Choi.
About his recent promotion.
What? My father?
Supreme Court Justice.
Wow, you care about
other people's dads' careers?
If you have such a powerful father,
you can stay a princess forever.
[Su-yeon] What?
[Min-woo] I don't know.
I actually thought
I would have some freedom,
like, at least until
I hit my 30s, you know?
Now my parents' health
has taken all that away.
[somber music playing]
I really have to make money now.
They're relying on it.
What's this?
You're pretending to be a grown-up?
[chuckles]
Only I'm not pretending.
I am one now.
[Atty. Jung]
Mr. Hairy, your cooking is amazing.
-[Hairy laughs]
-[Min-woo] We're back.
[Atty. Jung] Finally.
-Ha!
-Here you go.
Did you brew this up yourself?
It was horrible being sober for so long.
Dang, guys.
Yeah, I apologize.
Uh, you two should probably
hurry up and eat
'cause Mr. Hairy's food is really good.
[laughs]
Well, I'm sincerely happy that
you're enjoying how I prepared the meal.
So, what'd you talk about
while we were gone?
We were hearing the story
about how Attorney Jung got divorced.
Huh? Oh. You were married before,
Attorney Jung?
Yeah, he got married when he was 30
but got divorced eight years later.
Uh, stop saying that he got divorced.
Well, I did get divorce, though.
We spent our honeymoon in Jeju Island.
And that's why I think I'm reliving it.
Oh, wait, so people went to Jeju Island
for honeymoons then too?
[Hairy] Wasn't the honeymoon spot
more of our parents' generation?
[laughs]
That's true.
Our generation went to places like Hawaii,
Guam, or even the Maldives.
We had to come to Jeju Island for my job.
I had just as much work back then
as I do now.
So, I'd answer my phone
even on my honeymoon.
And if something ever happened,
there was always the chance I'd need
to be on the first flight back to Seoul.
Wow, that sounds horrible.
Working through your honeymoon.
Although looking back,
I think that's probably
when it all started.
This whole time,
I thought our issue was that we had
all these fights before the divorce.
But I was wrong.
It all started with the honeymoon.
[Atty. Jung] Ji-su.
[chuckles]
Okay. One…
[phone buzzing]
Now, one…
-Sorry.
-Honey…
Hello?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uh, it's fine. It's fine, go ahead.
Hey, are you gonna take a picture?
There's someone waiting now.
Oh. Sorry, sir. I'll move for you. Sorry.
So sorry.
Uh, yeah, it seems like it hasn't
really been settled with the client yet.
Yes. So, I'll email you
the additional materials, uh, by tonight.
-The pic--
-Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Yeah, I'll have him thoroughly ready
for the next trial.
Yes.
Yes, all right.
[waiter] There you are. Enjoy.
Thank you so much.
[squeals]
The sashimi's here, babe. Let's eat.
[Atty. Jung] Mm-hmm.
What's going on?
I got an email to check. It's important.
I'll be just a minute.
First, eat. The food will get cold.
Eat now. The food will get cold.
Cold? What do you mean cold? It's raw.
It will! Sashimi gets cold too!
[Ji-su sighs]
[groaning]
I'm finally done.
[grunts]
[sighs]
Ji-su.
Hey.
You're already asleep, huh?
[sobs]
God, what time is it?
-It's, um…
-[groans]
Oh.
Yeah, it's really late. Mm.
Sorry.
[somber music playing]
[chuckles]
God, what…
What was I…
living like that for, huh?
[chuckles]
[Atty. Jung sighs]
Awkward, I get it. Sorry.
-Have a drink.
-[chuckles]
Thank you.
[glass clinks]
[sighs]
God, what is it now?
The clock is so loud.
Damn.
You're such a princess, Young-woo.
"The floor is too hard."
"Light's peeking through the window."
"My sheets are rough."
"The temperature isn't right."
All that complaining, and…
and now, the clock's too loud?
God.
I tried to get through it.
It's really loud.
Listen carefully.
[Geu-ra-mi groans]
[sighs]
I don't think it's in here.
The second hand keeps going "tock, tock."
"Tock, tock."
If the second hand is going "tock, tock"
maybe try "tick, ticking" your ass
to sleep.
[Geu-ra-mi scoffs, sighs]
[annoyed grunt]
Wait.
Get up.
It's in the other room, right?
Let's kill it.
Oh.
[sly music playing]
Uh…
[ticking]
Is that the scallywag right over there?
Mm, I think so, yeah.
[sighs]
[Young-woo] Hmm…
Huh?
[Geu-ra-mi] I killed it, so…
[somber music playing]
[Geu-ra-mi] What's up with him?
He could have to crap.
Should we ask him what's wrong?
Hmm… Let's not.
Just let him be. He's crushed.
Hmm…
Mm.
[annoyed groan]
Dang.
Are you going to keep popping the guts?
You're wasting it.
You told me to cut the mouth.
What do I do when the mouth
and guts are fused?
-This is stressful.
-[sighs]
Oh, it's abalone for breakfast?
Oh, yeah, I thought
I would make some porridge for us.
They were selling some nearby,
so I just bought some.
Earlier this morning?
-Uh…
-I know.
That's what I said.
Waking me up at the break of dawn
to pull me around for errands.
[chuckles]
Well, I appreciate it.
You two are spoiling us here.
[laughs]
What… Spoil you? What do you mean?
Su-yeon.
Do you know what kind of sandwich
abalones like?
-What?
-Oh, no.
A baloney.
-Huh?
-A baloney sandwich.
[Hairy] Abalone. Baloney.
[Hairy laughs]
[sighs]
Cut the mouth.
I should cut off the mouth.
Cut off the mouth.
-Why don't I cut this mouth?
-[Hairy laughs]
-[Geu-ra-mi] Pop its guts!
-Hey, good morning.
Ooh, flowers?
[sighs]
Oh, they're so pretty.
Did you just get these?
No, but I did.
[sighs]
I was jogging earlier and an old lady
was selling them on the street.
What happened?
They're suddenly not as pretty
because I bought them?
"Oh, they're so pretty."
You should've heard yourself.
Hey, I wasn't like,
"They're so pretty." God.
Ugh, you're getting on my nerves.
What happened? Did you guys fight?
I don't know.
[TV beeps]
I think we're taking too lightly the fact
that Candidate Tae Su-mi used to be
the CEO of Taesan Law Firm.
[news anchor 1]
I'm very concerned about this.
[news anchor 2] Mm.
[news anchor 1]
Of course, she did voluntarily resign
before she became a candidate
for Minister of Justice,
but she did get the CEO position
through hereditary succession
as the daughter of Taesan's founder.
Right.
[news anchor 1] And isn't Taesan
a business-friendly law firm?
Also, Candidate Tae Su-mi's husband
is Choi Gyu-ho.
Chairman of the Gangcheon Group.
Korea's Minister of Justice
being the spouse
-of a major corporate's CEO?
-Oh! It's time for SpongeBob SquarePants.
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Young-woo, SpongeBob.
-[Geu-ra-mi] You're not gonna watch?
-Later.
[laughing]
[Min-woo] Mm-hmm.
[Geu-ra-mi giggling]
[woman] All right, and once again,
fill your body with fresh air.
[woman inhales]
Okay. Slowly let that air out.
Relax your face and your entire body.
And breathe in,
breathe out.
[exhales deeply]
[knocking on door]
Attorney Woo, I just talked to my sister
on the phone, and…
Do you think I'm sufficiently prepare
to go and see the dolphins later?
Just in case I can't see them
because the sun's in my eyes,
I put on a hat, plus anti-glare stickers.
And I also have a pair
of stabilizing binoculars
and can also zoom in ten times,
and a camera with burst mode.
[laughs]
Well, it seems like
you have prepared for everything.
Another thing, Attorney Woo. Well…
[chuckles]
Uh, I talked to my sister, and it seems
like they made us quite a meal.
What?
It was just gonna be a casual thing,
just to grab some tea together,
it's just Seung-hui and I, we haven't
seen each other in a long time, you know?
And since you're coming with me,
I guess she wanted to do more
than just tea.
Uh, I wanted you to be aware that
she made us a lot of food,
so I think we shouldn't eat.
I hope that's okay,
and she probably didn't…
didn't prepare any gimbap either, so…
Hmm…
Do you know what kind of food
she'll be preparing?
Well, I know she will have barbecue meat,
and also, um, I know she got some sashimi.
Oh.
Sashimi and some meat.
Yeah.
[sucks teeth]
So, should I call her and tell her
we're not stopping by anymore?
Oh, no. Meat and sashimi?
I don't want to, but I'll eat all
that she's prepared for us.
And enjoy it.
Oh, no, you really don't have
to force yourself.
I'll just call her…
It's all right.
Don't worry about it.
Uh… All right.
[calm music playing]
[seagulls cawing]
Dolphins and sharks must compete
for their food out there in the ocean.
Though Indo-Pacific bottlenose dolphins
are settled on the coast of Jeju Island,
so when sharks approach,
they drive them away in groups.
And because of that, haenyeos
of Jeju Island are safe from sharks
while working out in the water.
Although there are times
when dolphins take the food
that haenyeos worked so hard to find.
Ah, interesting.
It's so strange. I wonder why
we haven't seen a single dolphin.
We should really get going now
to get to Seung-hui's.
[sighs]
Noona!
[Jun-ho] Jeong-nam.
-Hey, Jun-ho. You're here.
-[both chuckle]
It's been a while, man, huh?
Here. We got you
a little something on the way.
Oh, you shouldn't have.
Hey, so, is this…
Hello, I'm Woo Young-woo!
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
-Ah, good, I see.
-[awkward chuckle]
Great interior design!
It's the front yard.
Noona. Uh, we, uh…
-Should we…
-Yeah, yeah. Come here.
[Jeong-nam sighs]
Your sister's been preparing all this
for the past few days when she heard
you and Young-woo were coming.
[Jun-ho] Gosh.
Wow! You sure did make a lot.
You must have worked hard.
We also have some fruit for us
to eat after dinner, too.
What?
I'll do it for you. I can help
because I'm really good at peeling fruit.
Ha. Ha-ha.
Ah.
[laughs]
-Help yourself.
-Grapes.
Come on, enjoy.
[Young-woo chuckles awkwardly]
Thanks.
[quirky music playing]
You must not have seen much of the island
since you've been here working.
Ah.
We still went to a few places
like Hanbaek Mountain and Hwangjisa.
And before this, we were
at the beach at Daejeong-eup.
Unfortunately, we didn't spot
any dolphins out there.
No, wait. No talking about whales.
Huh?
You're not allowed to talk about whales
in these situations.
And no asking for gimbap either.
Ah.
Uh, Young-woo, are you okay?
[Seung-hui] It kind of seems like
you're forcing yourself to eat.
You know, you don't need to push it.
Don't eat if you don't want to.
[gulps]
I'm okay.
Wow, it's really delicious.
You're a really great cook.
This is my favorite food.
[awkward chuckle]
[forced laugh]
Mmm.
I wonder what she's doing.
Maybe she can't find the bathroom.
Hey, it's like you're babysitting?
Our house isn't a maze.
Why wouldn't she be able
to find the bathroom?
Yeah, man. You said she's super smart.
And why are you calling her
"Attorney Woo"?
All that extra respectful language
you use with her.
I thought you were together.
Oh, that's just how…
That's how we talk to each other at work.
We'll change all that eventually.
Don't…
You're not gonna tell our parents,
are you?
-What?
-That you're with Young-woo.
-Why?
-What do you mean "why"?
Do you want them both
to collapse to the floor?
You aren't marrying her, so there isn't
any point in stressing them out.
Wait, what do you mean?
"Collapse to the floor"?
Look, we can do this later.
She could hear us.
This difficult relationship of yours,
I'm upset and I'm just your sister,
if they were to find out about--
Noona!
Lee Jun-ho!
All we want is for you to be happy
and you know that.
[Seung-hui] You should be bringing home
a girl who can make you happy.
Not someone you have to take care of.
[Jun-ho]
Wow. How could you say that, Noona?
You just met her today, and you already
think you know everything about her?
[Seung-hui] Trust me.
Don't tell our parents about her.
[Jun-ho] You just don't know her yet.
Don't think of her like that!
[sighs]
The plaintiff claims that he merely
passed by Local Highway Number 3008,
and that he didn't visit
Hwangjisa's cultural heritage site.
What do you think,
speaking as a Buddhist
cultural heritage expert?
Well, I think it's an argument
that the plaintiff can make
only because the man doesn't understand
the traditional mountain temples of Korea.
-What did you say?
-Uh…
[attorney]
Okay. And why would you say that?
Uh, well, a lot of people picture
that cultural heritage of Hwangjisa
is only the Guanyin Gwaebultaeng
since it's been designated as a treasure.
But the true meaning
of temple cultural heritage
is mostly by the surface.
[attorney] By the surface?
Yes, the surface. As in dot line surface.
It means that it's not
a movable cultural heritage
like, say, a painting in a museum.
Rather, it spans all of the buildings
and the smaller temples
that span the area around the temple,
and that's including nature as well.
In the case of Hwangjisa,
tell me, what is included
in its cultural heritage?
Hwangjisa and Hwangjisa's smaller temples,
Sanrokam,
Banggakam,
Busaam,
and the part
of Hanbaek Mountain National Park
where Local Highway Number 3008
runs through.
[attorney] That is all.
Plaintiff, you may cross-examine.
[table clacks]
[grunting]
Uh, Attorney Jung?
Wha… What is it? Are you okay?
[grunting continues]
Just a moment.
[Yeong-bok] Um…
[Su-yeon gasps]
Attorney Jung!
[Jun-ho] Attorney Jung, are you okay?
-Hey, Attorney Jung.
-[Su-yeon] Are you all right?
[judge] Call an ambulance. Hurry.
[grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[closing theme music playing]
What do we have to do
to find the owner of Haengbok Noodles?
[Su-yeon] Don't do anything unnecessary.
[Young-woo] If not now, he may never
be able to eat Haengbok Noodles again.
[monk] It's not wrong for Hwangjisa
to collect cultural heritage
admission fees.
It's necessary even for the nature
that's surrounding Hwangjisa.
Am I someone who can make you happy?
-You do like me?
-[hiccups]
I don't think that you and I
should be dating each other.
[Young-woo] I'm sorry.